# How to Contribute?

### Table of content

1. [Developers tech-tack](#developers-tech-tack)

2. [Creating issues](#creating-issues)

    2.1 [What should i do when i have created an issue from a template](#what-should-i-do-when-i-have-created-an-issue-from-a-template)

    2.2 [No templates match what im trying to create?](#no-templates-match-what-im-trying-to-create)

3. [Commits](#commits)

    3.1 [HOTFIX commits](#hotfix-commits)

4. [Pull-requests](#pull-requests)

5. [Version names](#version-names)

## Developers tech-tack

<span style="color: green;">TODO</span>

## Creating issues
When creating an issues you should always strive to use the
provided issue-templates for the repository for the sake of consistency.
* #### What should i do when i have created an issue from a template
  * Fill in all the fields containing brackets ([like this]) in the template. If 
    you don't know what to write in a field, write N/A and explain why you don't know.
    If you leave any brackted fields unmodified (leaving the brackets in the text) the
    issue will be considered invalid.
* #### No templates match what im trying to create?**
  * Are you sure you want to create an issue, there
    might be a more suited tool like GH discussions for asking questions?
  * Make a feature request issue about adding a new issue-templates, implement the
    the template and create a PR.

## Commits
Write your commit message in the imperative: "Fix bug" and not "Fixed
bug" or "Fixes bug." This convention matches up with commit messages
generated by commands like git merge and git revert.

A git message is 72 chars max, if your commit is longer than this you have probably
made too many changes for them to be a reasonable commit. This also gives you an idea
of how many changes should be included in a singe commit. One file per commit (probably even
one function changed per commit) is a good heuristic to go by.

#### HOTFIX commits
should be prefixed with `HOTFIX: ` and should be used for commits that are
critical to the project and needs to be deployed as soon as possible. This is can be done on
prod branches by the repo admin.

## Pull-requests
Create a PR and fill in all the fields wrapped in brackets ([like this]) in the PR-template.

## Version names
Version names in this project follows the rules of semantic versioning which in summary is:

Given a version number **MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**, increment the:
* **MAJOR** version when you make incompatible API changes
* **MINOR** version when you add functionality in a backward compatible manner
* **PATCH** version when you make backward compatible bug fixes
Additional labels for pre-release and build metadata are available as extensions to the **MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH** format.

To read more please visit https://semver.org/
